# Time-Series-Forcasting-for-the-Panel-Data

The dataset is panel data where there are multiple time-series data for each user and each user have time-series data. The data is about an app where a user completes a set of missions to improve their health. The analysis contains cross-sectional and time-series variation which is analyzed. Also, there is time series forecasting model where we can do predictive analysis. There are two files for the dataset. One contains the relevant information of a set of missions completed by a specific user. If a user completes a set of goals that will mark a single mission completion. The second dataset contains data regarding the information of each goal completion by users. 
<p>By analyzing the two datasets, I have a few major takeaways. Most of the users finished their missions, while 15% of the user did not complete their mission. Among this 15%, around 30% are first-timers which means they started but did not finish a single complete mission. Mostly a single mission was completed by users and it took around 7 days mostly to complete a mission. Now in terms of agg_info dataset, this data represents a panel or longitudinal data where for each user there are multiple entries at multiple periods. After creating a proper format, we can see that most of the conversations are from the last three months of 2018. The features in the data do not vary much on a monthly, but on a weekday basis, we can see a pattern. For example, from Friday through Sunday, users were not interacting much with the app although the data are showing that they did input workouts more on these days. We then see that, from user to user, their features activities are varying over time. To understand the relationship between the features, we can build a predictive model. For the panel data with time series and user-specific variation, we considered pooled ordinary least square regression and some fixed and random effects models. By considering how much variability is explained by the models, we chose the Fixed Difference model (one kind of fixed effect model). From this fitted model covariance and coeeficients, we also got some ideas regarding the relationship between features. For example, the number of notifications is slightly in negative relation with the number of conversations. And lastly, we also see how we can predict from this model for future observations.
  <p1> The detail of the project is described in <a href="https://github.com/Mithunprom/Time-Series-Forcasting-of-the-Panel-Data/blob/main/notebook.ipynb"> here </p1>
